# Swagger2dpSlate

Software to generate a dpSlate API Reference Guide from your Swagger specification.  dpSlate is great for human written documentation such as _Getting Started Guides_ and _Tutorials_ while Swagger is great for autogenerated documentation to provide an _API Reference Guide_.  But if you use Swagger-UI, the most widely used way of presenting Swagger documents, your _API Reference Guide_ will not reflect the same formatting and look and feel as your other API Documents.  Swagger2dpSlate solves this problem by generating dpSlate compatible Markdown from the Swagger specification such that your documents all look consistent.


# Getting Started

Swagger2dpSlate is built in Java 8 and is a pre-processor to dpSlate.  When it ingests the Swagger specification, it will generate the Markdown, including the dpSlate directives, to produce a three-column dpSlate document.  Because it generates Markdown, the resulting document can be tweeked by humans and will subsequently be produced in the same format as your other dpSlate documents.

###### Requirements
- Java 8
- swagger-codegen

```sh
git clone https://github.com/pnerger/Swagger2dpSlate.git
cd Swagger2dpSlate
mvn clean install -DskipTests
```

# Running
```sh
java -jar target/client.slate-*-jar-with-dependencies.jar generate -l java,python,php -i src/main/resources/rakam-example-spec.json -o ./
```
It will output `slate.md` file in current directory, you can copy it to `slate/source/index.md` and Slate will update the HTML files automatically.

Currently, the supported languages are `php`, `python` `java`. `javascript` for [swagger-js](https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-js) will be supported in first release.

# Example
[Rakam documentation](http://api.getrakam.com/) is generated by swagger-slate.

# Contribution

This project was forked by early work by Buremba and is a fork of that work.

The project is just beginning to provide the basic capability to generate API Reference Guides.

Oauth support, `path` and `header` parameter types are not supported yet.

